Initial import (#1)
garnix-io/uptime-kuma-module: README.md

<a href="https://garnix.io/repo/garnix-io/uptime-kuma-module"><img alt="built with garnix" src="https://img.shields.io/endpoint.svg?url=https%3A%2F%2Fgarnix.io%2Fapi%2Fbadges%2Fgarnix-io%2Fuptime-kuma-module"></a>

# Garnix module to self host Uptime Kuma

> Start deploying your own [Uptime Kuma](https://github.com/louislam/uptime-kuma) instance with [garnix here](https://garnix.io/modules/configure).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploy your own [Uptime Kuma](https://github.com/louislam/uptime-kuma) instance with garnix here: https://garnix.io/modules/configure.
```

> Select the Uptime Kuma module, select on of your GitHub repository and click on preview to deploy your Uptime Kuma instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select one of your GitHub repositories, select the Uptime Kuma module and click on preview to deploy your Uptime Kuma instance.
```

> For more info, see the [modules documentation](https://garnix.io/modules).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more info, see the [garnix modules documentation](https://garnix.io/modules).
```
